# CS-360-Resume

#1: Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
  # I designed this app for users to be able to track their weight goals and current weight in an easy-to-use manner. The app allows them to input their current weight of the day, their overall goal weight, and allows them to visualize their progress. This required the ability to input information into a database to be used later. It also required the ability to Parse Numbers, recall data from the database, maintain logins and weight, add, and change or delete several aspects of the app from the menu without altering the way the app functions.

#2: What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
  # I included a login screen, a main menu, an add screen, a change target screen, a change weight screen, a delete screen, and a view weights screen. These were all necessary for inputting of data and review of information, and served as an easy way to access all of the necessary information in one location. You can access most of these screens on the main menu screen, which is reached after inputing your login information. By keeping all of the screens centralized, maneuvering through each of the screens was easy to accomplish and code.

#3: How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
  # I approached the coding process with the user in mind, and tried to troubleshoot where I could, but ran out of time before the project was due and had to submit it incomplete. I managed to fix nearly everything before submitting it here, but it has taught me to manage my time more wisely and to make time in the future for diagnostics, rather than trying to get as much done as possible without testing. It theoretically looked good, but did not function as intended the first time around, but was designed aroung the user experience. 

#4: How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
  # I ran several tests during the development process of the project, but neglected to run any the day that the project was due, which led to an unexpected error in the application which I later had to troubleshoot and fix. Up until that day, it was fully funcitonal, but a simple change in some of the names within the program without refactoring it properly led to the errors that were present on the due-date. If I had tested as I was supposed to, I would have been able to fix the issue before it was presented. I have to remind myself that failure isn't the end of the world, and is often more helpful in learning than any victory is.

#5: Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
  # I don't feel like I did anything that hadn't been done before by others, but I did learn how to finish objectives differently than I had previously done. Rather than do something new, I implemented something that had been done before in a new way. By recycling some of my old ideas, I was able to implement them in a relatively clean manner, resulting in a more optimal performance when it was working as intended.

#6: In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
  # I believe my UI design is where my work was best represented. In the first few modules, the extent of my UI design was doing only what was absolutely necessary to fulfill the needs of the user and nothing more. In my final project, however, I was able to keep the design simple while still making it look professional and interesting. While visual flair can be nice, it can also be very distracting, and for an app with a simple yet useful purpose like mine, it wasn't necessary to add too much flair. If, in the future, a user asks for more flair, I am more than willing to add it.
